Remote US & Canada

We are seeking a highly motivated and autonomous Senior Data Analyst to join our team.

In this role, you will be pivotal in surfacing insights and providing guidance to a broad spectrum of disciplines across the studio, empowering these teams to leverage data in new ways and do their best work with accurate data in hand.

We expect you to:

    Have deep passion for video games and think on behalf of our players

    Be curious; a detail-oriented problem solver and a self starter who is comfortable taking risks. Know how and when to apply your knowledge, and be willing to share with the rest of us

    Be comfortable with ambiguity. Navigate, iterate, and advocate solutions in the problem space

    Comb through large sets of game telemetry data to uncover player relationships, feature usage trends, security threats, inefficiencies, and opportunities to improve the player and developer experience

    Serve as a bridge between technical and non-technical teams and provide technical guidance. Translate stakeholder needs and context into requirements, tangible data solutions, and actionable business insights

    Develop an intimate understanding of our games through hands-on playtime

Required Skills

    Extensive experience writing optimized SQL to build and analyze datasets and associated data resources - tables, views, stored procedures etc

    Experience working with data sourced from a variety of structured/unstructured storage mediums (SQL, NoSQL, cache, blob storage etc) and unifying disparate datasets

    Proficiency conducting exploratory data analysis

    Proficiency with a data visualization tool like Tableau or Looker

    Deep understanding of data modeling, data quality practices, and cost-efficient storage architecture

    Experience with Git and modern version control workflows

Preferred Experience

Any of the following would be highly preferred, but most of all, we value team players who are eager to learn and contribute:

    Familiar with Python data-related libraries (e.g., Pandas, Airflow, Flask, Plotly)

    Experience with the broader GCP ecosystem (Kubernetes, GCS, PubSub, Cloud Functions, etc)

    Experience with Apache Spark

    Experience with dbt or other state management systems

    Experience in the video gaming industry

    Experience in a small company with a startup feel

    Interest in technical writing and sharing your work

Perks:

    Paid Time Off, Holidays and Two Weeks Winter Break

    Employees and their dependents get medical, dental, and vision coverage, regardless of their level, tenure, or position within the company. Moreover, these benefits start on the first day of the job—there’s no waiting period before they kick in.

    Pet Insurance for those who need it too.

    Compassionate leave for employees who needs to take care of their family members

    Pre-tax wellness stipend

    Pre-tax work from home stipend

    Access our savings plan (401K program) with company match

    Mental health resources including Headspace membership and Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

    Discount portal for everyday goods and services

    Employee inclusive and diversity initiatives such as Grow Together

    Support for personal professional development

We look forward to meeting you!

Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa at this time.

The salary range for this position is $109,000 USD to $171,000 USD annually, with the
opportunity to earn an annual discretionary bonus. This salary range is an estimate, and the actual salary may vary based on the Company’s compensation practices. Employees in this position are eligible to participate in the Company’s standard employee benefit programs, which currently include the following: medical, dental, vision, 401k, and paid time off.

Our base pay is benchmarked against regional market and industry data and is adjusted to reflect the cost of living in your specific geographic area.

#LI-Remote