About the job

Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 121 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com.

Reddit has a flexible first workforce. At Reddit we continue to grow our teams with the best talent. We're completely remote friendly and will continue to be after the pandemic.

Advertising is Reddit’s primary revenue driver and we have an ambitious goal to turn it into a massive business. Although several large digital ad platforms already exist, advertisers are being increasingly drawn to Reddit because of our passionate communities. We believe our community-centric platform has created the opportunity for Reddit to build a highly differentiated ads business.

About The Ads Data Science Team

The Ads Data Science team at Reddit leverages data to maximize advertiser value on Reddit through robust data foundations, metrics, and strategic insights generated through experimentation and cutting-edge DS methods.

We work on a wide range of challenging problems in the areas of ads targeting, relevance modeling, auction optimization, measurement, and user experience. We are a highly collaborative team of passionate data scientists and engineers who are constantly pushing the boundaries of what's possible with machine learning and statistical modeling.

About The Role

We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Data Scientist to join our growing Ads Data Science team. As a Data Scientist, you will play a key role in developing as well as applying cutting-edge DS models/methods to improve our understanding of the dynamics that drive the success of our advertising platform, and identify opportunities to accelerate that success. You will work closely with stakeholders across product, engineering, sales, marketing, and data to identify opportunities, define metrics, and build solutions that drive significant impact for Reddit.

Responsibilities

    Analyze large-scale datasets to identify trends, patterns, and insights that can be used to improve the effectiveness of our advertising platform
    Develop ML models & DS methods to for improved anomaly detection, prediction, pattern recognition
    Communicate findings and recommendations to stakeholders across the organization
    Collaborate with product, engineering, sales, and marketing partners to define product and program requirements and translate them into data science solutions
    Stay up-to-date on the latest advancements in machine learning and data science


Qualifications

    Advanced degree (Masters or Ph.D.) in a quantitative field such as: Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or Operations Research
    For M.S. holders: 3+ years of industry experience in applied science or data science roles
    For Ph.D. holders: 2+ years of industry experience in applied science or data science roles
    Strong understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning algorithms, causal inference and experimental design
    Experience with large-scale data processing and analysis using tools such as Spark, Hadoop, or Hive; knowledge of BigQuery a plus
    Proficiency in Python or R and experience with machine learning libraries such as scikit-learn, TensorFlow, or PyTorch
    Experience with SQL and relational databases
    Excellent communication and presentation skills
    Passion for Reddit and the online advertising industry


Bonus Points

    Experience with online advertising and ad tech
    Experience with causal inference and A/B testing
    Contributions to open-source projects or publications in relevant conferences or journals


Benefits

    Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support
    Family Planning Support
    Gender-Affirming Care
    Mental Health & Coaching Benefits
    Comprehensive Medical Benefits & Health Care Spending Account
    Registered Retirement Savings Plan with matching contributions
    Income Replacement Programs
    Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off
    Generous Paid Parental Leave


In select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed and summarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to opt out of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduled interviews.

During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information, Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories of personal information you choose to share with us. We will use this information to evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role, as applicable. We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to any third party for their marketing purposes. We will delete any recording of your interview promptly after making a hiring decision. For more information about how we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it, please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees and Contractors.
